Extends 'spe container permission list' command. Closes #6726 (#7053)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spe/container/container-permission-list.mdx

## Options

```md definition-list
`-i, --containerId [id]`
: The ID of the SharePoint Embedded Container. Specify either `containerId` or `containerName` but not both.

`-n, --containerName [containerName]`
: Display name of the SharePoint Embedded Container. Specify either `containerId` or `containerName` but not both.

`--containerTypeId [containerTypeId]`
: The container type ID of the container instance. Use either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` but not both.

`--containerTypeName [containerTypeName]`

> : The container type name of the container instance. Use either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` but not both.

Reviewer: I would rather specify that the `containerTypeId` and `containerTypeName` can used only together with the `containerName`.
```suggestion
`--containerTypeId [containerTypeId]`
: The container type ID of the container instance. Specify either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` when using `containerName` but not both.

`--containerTypeName [containerTypeName]`
: The container type name of the container instance. Specify either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` when using `containerName` but not both.
```
